# W02 Reflection: Choosing a Business
This week I feel like I got a better feel for how this course is structured. As I went through the week I mostly looked at my canvas dashboard when I did my assignments. Normally this works for my classes but this class does not display them in order. If I would have done the assignments in order I feel that I would have gotten more out of it. From now on I will definitely be using modules. As far as creating and running a successful online business goes I am excited. I feel that this will be great to know for the rest of my life. On thing that I have found more frustrating is how much opinion is involved. As the course moves along I am interested to see how much of it is fact and how much is unstructured opinion. The reason I am so excited though is that I would like to run a small business in the future. Knowing the things that I will learn in this course will make my life decisions easier.

# W03 Reflection: Sourcing the Product
This week we got to learn a lot about affiliate and drop shipping companies. I had looked into drop shipping in the past but I never ended up doing anything with it. After this week I wish that I had. It seems that the most successful people are those that work the hardest and find where they can fit in the market. Knowing that I am willing to put in the hard work makes me believe that I can make a profitable online business. Now, just how profitable is another story. I also learned just how hard it can be to enter because of how saturated the market is. A lot of people think like me and also want the pros of an online business. It is for this reason that I am really glad that I had the opportunity to study affiliate and drop shipping this week. I definitely know that I will be applying the principles in my future.

# W04 Reflection: Site Builder & Hosting
This week as I was able to finish up project one and get my site hosting figured out I actually learned a lot. I did not expect to be able to understand all of it like I did because I tend to have a hard time making decisions. However, this week seemed simple even though there was a lot of work that I didn’t expect. For project one I ended up with pest control which I do feel comfortable enough with. It was not what I wanted to end up doing but the more I worked on the project the more it led me to that conclusion. Moving forward I don’t know if I will actually stick with my choices because the more I worked and thought the more things came to mind that could work better. Regardless, I feel that I will be more successful because of this week’s content and the processes that I was required to go through.

# W05 Reflection: Site Design
This week felt like a breeze compared to last week. In fact, last week was so much more work that I almost forgot that reviewed website design and buttons this week. As far as the button goes I feel like I got it down pretty good and know that I will be able to incorporate it where and when I need to. Now it’s just a matter of figuring out where and when its needed. Due to my businesses main objective of generating pest control leads I feel like it might be a bit odd to put a payment option. The one way that I can see it working is to have some sort of invoice page that a business can go to pay for the leads that I am sending their way. Regardless, I know that I will figure something out. It all depends on what I end up doing with my website design.

# W06 Reflection: Legal Structure
This week was pretty chill. However, the more that I learned about licensing the more that I got confused. In the end, I figured out what I needed to but now I understand why people consult lawyers for their law information. You do not want to make a mistake that will cost you a severe fine or even your entire business. When it came to taxes I feel that I had a good handle on things with being a finance major and all. Currently, I am a tax preparer for Baker Tilly so it was cool to see another side of things as I was looking through the resources. When it came to project two this week I felt really confident. I talked with brother Lundin on campus and got some help that will make it go smoother than I thought it would. I am just a bit concerned about how the selling of referrals to a certain area will go in this class. I guess we will just have to wait and see.

# W07 Reflection: Google Ads & Keywords
This week lined up a lot with the SEO course that I am taking on campus which really helped me to understand the keywords and keyword phrases. It's funny how simple and complex this week's material can be. What I mean by that is that you can go really deep into understanding every part of your target market and their trends, you can do a shallow overview and then test to see if you are reaching the amount of traffic that you need. I personally will be doing a bit of both to experiment and see how I can best optimize the traffic to my site. Another thing that I realized this week was that I won't be profitable until the semester is almost over because I can only sell referrals once I have consistent and reliable traffic to my site and contact my information. It is what it is though. Once I am done it will take very little maintenance to be successful.

# W08 Reflection: Ads
This week I learned a lot about just how many types of ads there really are. Never had I imagined the there would be so much to it. Because I am also taking the search engine optimization class I feel like I have a good understanding of keywords so now that I am able to apply that same level of thinking to my ads feels really nice. One thing that has me worried is that with pest control not a lot of people search for it in the winter. It's really when things get hot and the bugs come out that people are looking for solutions. It is for this reason that I wonder just how effective the Ads are going to be. Knowing that I don't need to spend a lot helps because I have serious doubts. I guess that there is no better way to learn than by trial and error.

# W09 Reflection: Relevance & Quality Score
This week had some confusing parts for me. The first of which was linking my google tags to my website. Everything that I was reading online told me that google site kit was all that I needed and that there was no need to copy and paste tags into the HTML. The more that I looked into it the more I was confused so I ended up setting up google site kit and found that it was doing everything that I thought it would and that I did not need to put the coded tag into all of my pages. I did however figure out how to get the code in a few different ways and know that if something did need to change that I would be able to do it fairly quickly. Other than the rabbit hole of confusion that I went down with the google tags this week went very smoothly and was able to get me set up for the rest of the semester.

# W10 Reflection: ROI & Optimizing Ad Performance
When finalizing my google ads campaign this week I was pretty nervous about setting up my card information because of all the warnings that were discussed along the way of setting it up. I did however end up getting it all setup and figured out. One thing that I found really helpful in the ad campaign settings was the ability that I have to target a specific location with my ads. Being a referral generation business this was not only helpful but critical. I am now able to actually reach and target my target market. Another thing that I found helpful was that I am able to make more than one ad group within my campaign. This allows me to try different strategies and still have my ads organized so that I can be as effective as possible. In general, I have a way better understanding of how google ads work and how I can use its tools to my benefit.

# W11 Reflection: Landing Page Optimization & Basic SEO
Being able to learn a bit about SEO this week was really helpful. I feel that no matter how much I think I already know, there is still so much to learn. One thing that I realized that I did not already know was that there is such a thing as adding too much to a page. Previously I understood that you can add too much of one keyword but the idea that you could have too much content kind of took me off guard. This of course always depends on the site that you are building and what would be best for the user experience. This week I also noticed just how different my website is from most other online businesses. With being a referral generation website my landing page is going to be way different than someone who has a product or service to sell. It is for this reason that I had a hard time figuring out my landing pages but in the end, it all seemed to work out just fine.

# W12 Reflection: Social Media for SEO & Social Networking
I feel that this week was really similar to last week. When it comes to social media I am not the first person to raise my hand and comment but I do understand the importance of it. For websites, it is essential to help drive traffic and develop credibility. My website is a pest control referral company which makes it even more important as I strive to make it look like I am a creditable source. However, this may not be the case for all referral companies due to the nature of referring users to another company rather than utilizing your own. Because I am going to be needing social media this week's projects were helpful for planning and setting some quantitative goals. I still feel like the hardest part is going to be getting started and having a big following but that is to be expected for a start-up. I just know that the goals and plans that I made will get me far enough along to where I am confident in my future.
